Finally discharged from the hospital.
Let's go home mom
There's something I've wanted to do for a long time
Carry with me
The doctor said you should be dedicated.
I'm doing great. Um, please?
I beg you.
Haha well, as long as it is what An An wants to do
Mom will accompany you
What do you want to do?
I'll find out later
Let's go, let's go, oops
Slow down you slow down
It's so pretty.
Haha mom
You see, you and I are walking down the road
People know that we are mother and daughter
I don't know, I thought we were best friends
You mouth
Since I was a child, it's sweet to talk like honey
Mom, um, I had a friend before
He and his mother are like best friends.
They go shopping together, watch movies and take pictures
At that time, I was thinking
If only I had a mother too
But I have it now.
I've been with you since then, okay?
So let's go home now. Hmm?
There are surprises waiting for you at home
Surprise
Really? Of course!
Let's hurry back, hurry up, haha.
Mom, what gift did you prepare for me?
Can you vomit first?
You'll know when you go in.
Close your eyes first